net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.ippiaccregwizz.IppiAccountRegistrationWizard.setPredefinedProperties(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.sip.SIPAccountRegistration);SIPAccountRegistration
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.sip2sipaccregwizz.Sip2SipAccountRegistrationWizard.setPredefinedProperties(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.sip.SIPAccountRegistration);SIPAccountRegistration
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatConversationPanel.processMeCommand(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatMessage);ChatMessage
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriIQProvider.addChildExtension(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ.Channel, org.jivesoftware.smack.packet.PacketExtension);Channel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.contactsource.MetaUIContact.addContactResourceTooltipLines(net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.desktoputil.ExtendedTooltip, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Contact);ExtendedTooltip
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.OperationSetTelephonyConferencingJabberImpl.getConferenceInfo(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.CallPeerJabberImpl, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.media.ConferenceInfoDocument);CallPeerJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.googletalkaccregwizz.GoogleTalkAccountRegistrationWizard.setPredefinedProperties(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.jabber.JabberAccountRegistration);JabberAccountRegistration
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.notificationwiring.NotificationManager.isConference(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.whiteboard.WhiteboardSessionManager.sendWhiteboardObject(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.WhiteboardSession, net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.whiteboard.gui.whiteboardshapes.WhiteboardShape);WhiteboardShape
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.CallManager.MergeExistingCalls.putOffHold(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatWindowManager.removeNonReadChatState(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel);ChatPanel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.conference.ConferenceChatManager.joinChatRoom(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.conference.AdHocChatRoomWrapper);AdHocChatRoomWrapper
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.CallHistoryFilter.addMatching(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.notifsource.NotificationContactSource);NotificationContactSource
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.history.DBStructSerializer.createStructureTag(org.w3c.dom.Document, net.java.sip.communicator.service.history.records.HistoryRecordStructure);HistoryRecordStructure
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.OperationSetPersistentPresenceJabberImpl.removeResource(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactJabberImpl, java.lang.String);ContactJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ServerStoredContactListJabberImpl.renameGroup(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactGroupJabberImpl, java.lang.String);ContactGroupJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriBuilder.getRequestChannel(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ.Content, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ.ChannelCommon);Content
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.iptelaccregwizz.IptelAccountRegistrationWizard.setPredefinedProperties(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.sip.SIPAccountRegistration);SIPAccountRegistration
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.whiteboard.gui.whiteboardshapes.WhiteboardShape.drawSelectedPoint(java.awt.Graphics, java.awt.geom.AffineTransform, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.WhiteboardPoint, java.awt.Color);WhiteboardPoint
net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.SingleCallInProgressPolicy.putOnHold(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.galagonotification.GalagoPopupMessageHandler.getIcon(net.java.sip.communicator.service.systray.PopupMessage);PopupMessage
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.DTMFHandler.stopSendingDtmfTone(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.ContactListTreeCellRenderer.setButtonBg(net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.desktoputil.SIPCommButton, int, boolean);SIPCommButton
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.TreeContactList.isContactActive(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.UIContactImpl);UIContactImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.presence.GlobalStatusSelectorBox.setSystrayIcon(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.PresenceStatus);PresenceStatus
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.history.DBStructSerializer.createIDTag(org.w3c.dom.Document, net.java.sip.communicator.service.history.HistoryID);HistoryID
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.history.HistoryServiceImpl.isSubHistory(java.lang.String[], net.java.sip.communicator.service.history.HistoryID);HistoryID
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.icq.ServerStoredContactListIcqImpl.renameGroup(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.icq.ContactGroupIcqImpl, java.lang.String);ContactGroupIcqImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriBuilder.getColibriChannel(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ, java.lang.String);ColibriConferenceIQ
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriBuilder.getRtpChannel(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ, java.lang.String);ColibriConferenceIQ
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetAutoAnswerSipImpl.doesRequestContainsActiveVideoMediaType(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.AbstractOperationSetBasicAutoAnswer.answerCall(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call, boolean);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriAnalyser.processChannelAllocResp(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ);ColibriConferenceIQ
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.branding.WelcomeWindow.initLicenseArea(net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.branding.StyledHTMLEditorPane);StyledHTMLEditorPane
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.customcontrols.wizard.WizardController.resetButtonsToPanelRules();Wizard
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.certificate.CertificateServiceImpl.loadKeyStore(net.java.sip.communicator.service.certificate.CertificateConfigEntry);CertificateConfigEntry
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.contactsource.MetaUIContact.addPhoneTooltipLines(net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.desktoputil.ExtendedTooltip, java.util.Iterator<java.lang.String>);ExtendedTooltip
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.PresenceManager.parseISupportAwayLen(com.ircclouds.irc.api.state.IIRCState);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.PresenceManager.parseISupportMonitor(com.ircclouds.irc.api.state.IIRCState);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.PresenceManager.parseISupportWatch(com.ircclouds.irc.api.state.IIRCState);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetMessageWaitingSipImpl.getSubscribeAddress();ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.ProtocolProviderFactorySipImpl.storeXCapPassword(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.AccountID);AccountID
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipStackSharing.logApplicationException(java.lang.Class<javax.sip.DialogTerminatedEvent>, java.lang.Throwable);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.xcap.BaseHttpXCapClient.getXCapErrorMessage(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.xcap.XCapHttpResponse);XCapHttpResponse
net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.SingleCallInProgressPolicy.rejectCallWithBusyHere(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call);Call
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.dns.ConfigurableDnssecResolver.getExceptionMessage(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.dns.SecureMessage);SecureMessage
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.customcontrols.wizard.WizardController.backButtonPressed();Wizard
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.SingleWindowContainer.highlightTab(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel);ConversationTabbedPane
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.account.AccountList.accountListModelContentChanged(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ProtocolProviderService);AccountListModel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.CallPanel.isConference();CallConference
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.DTMFHandler.startSendingDtmfTone(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.Call, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.DTMFHandler.DTMFToneInfo);DTMFToneInfo
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.call.conference.BasicConferenceCallPanel.conferenceMemberErrorReceived(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.event.CallPeerConferenceEvent);CallPeerConferenceEvent
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel.getTextFromWriteArea(java.lang.String);ChatWritePanel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel.findFileTransferChatTransport();ChatSession
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel.findInviteChatTransport();ChatSession
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatWindow.highlightTab(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel);ConversationTabbedPane
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.MetaContactChatSession.findChatTransportForResource(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ContactResource);ContactResource
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.contactlist.contactsource.MetaContactListSource.startQuery(net.java.sip.communicator.service.gui.event.MetaContactQuery, java.util.regex.Pattern);MetaContactQuery
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.msghistory.MessageHistoryServiceImpl.convertHistoryRecordToMessageEvent(net.java.sip.communicator.service.history.records.HistoryRecord, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ChatRoom);HistoryRecord
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChannelManager.ChatRoomListener.processBanChange(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChatRoomMemberIrcImpl, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ModeParser.ModeEntry);ModeEntry
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChannelManager.ChatRoomListener.processLimitChange(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChatRoomMemberIrcImpl, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ModeParser.ModeEntry);ModeEntry
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.OperationSetVideoBridgeImpl.processColibriConferenceIQ(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.colibri.ColibriConferenceIQ);ColibriConferenceIQ
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ServerStoredContactListJabberImpl.findContactGroup(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactJabberImpl);RootContactGroupJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ServerStoredContactListJabberImpl.ChangeListener.checkForRename(java.lang.String, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactJabberImpl);ContactJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.UriHandlerJabberImpl.selectHandlingProvider(java.lang.String);ProtocolProviderFactory
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.ClientCapabilities.addAllowEventsHeader(javax.sip.message.Message);ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.ClientCapabilities.disconnect();ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.EventPackageNotifier.createNotify(javax.sip.Dialog, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.EventPackageNotifier.Subscription, java.lang.String, java.lang.String);Subscription
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetBasicTelephonySipImpl.assertRegistered();AbstractProtocolProviderService
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl.sendInDialogRequest(javax.sip.SipProvider, javax.sip.message.Request, javax.sip.Dialog);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipMessageFactory.attachContactHeader(javax.sip.message.Message);ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipMessageFactory.attachToTag(javax.sip.message.Response, javax.sip.Dialog);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipStackSharing.getServiceData(javax.sip.Transaction);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.UriHandlerSipImpl.selectHandlingProvider(java.lang.String);ProtocolProviderFactory
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.security.SipSecurityManager.createAuthorizationHeader(java.lang.String, java.lang.String, java.lang.String, javax.sip.header.WWWAuthenticateHeader, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.UserCredentials);UserCredentials
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.security.SipSecurityManager.createCcEntryWithStoredPassword(java.lang.String);AccountID
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.demuxcontactsource.DemuxContactSource.isPreferredContactDetail(net.java.sip.communicator.service.contactsource.ContactDetail);ContactDetail
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.spellcheck.LanguageMenuBar.createEnableCheckBox();SpellChecker
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.whiteboard.gui.WhiteboardFrame.createWhiteboardShape(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.whiteboardobjects.WhiteboardObject);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ProtocolProviderFactory.storePassword(org.osgi.framework.BundleContext, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.AccountID, java.lang.String);AccountID
net.java.sip.communicator.slick.runner.ScTestRunner.doRun(junit.framework.Test, boolean);XmlFormatter
net.java.sip.communicator.util.account.LoginManager.addAccountsForProtocolProviderFactory(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ProtocolProviderFactory);ProtocolProviderFactory
net.java.sip.communicator.util.launchutils.LaunchArgHandler.handleConcurrentInvocationRequestArgs(java.lang.String[]);ArgDelegator
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipMessageFactory.createInviteRequest(javax.sip.address.Address);ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.branding.WelcomeWindow.initRightsArea(net.java.sip.communicator.plugin.branding.StyledHTMLEditorPane);StyledHTMLEditorPane
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.history.HistoryWindow.createHistory(java.util.Collection<java.lang.Object>);ChatConversationPanel
net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.media.AbstractOperationSetTelephonyConferencing.conferenceInfoDocumentsMatch(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.media.ConferenceInfoDocument, net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.media.ConferenceInfoDocument);ConferenceInfoDocument
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChannelManager.ChatRoomListener.processRoleChange(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ChatRoomMemberIrcImpl, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.irc.ModeParser.ModeEntry);ChatRoomIrcImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ServerStoredContactListJabberImpl.fireContactRemoved(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ContactGroup, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactJabberImpl);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetPresenceSipImpl.createVolatileContact(java.lang.String, java.lang.String);ServerStoredContactList
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetPresenceSipImpl.updateContactIcon(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.ContactSipImpl, java.net.URI);ContactSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.SipMessageFactory.createRegisterRequest(javax.sip.address.Address, int, javax.sip.header.CallIdHeader, long);ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.sysactivity.SystemActivityEventDispatcher.fireSystemActivityEvent(net.java.sip.communicator.service.sysactivity.event.SystemActivityEvent, net.java.sip.communicator.service.sysactivity.SystemActivityChangeListener);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.UIServiceImpl.firePluginEvent(net.java.sip.communicator.service.gui.PluginComponentFactory, int);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel.appendChatMessage(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatMessage);ChatConversationPanel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.toolBars.MainToolBar.changeHistoryButtonsState(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.gui.main.chat.ChatPanel);ChatPanel
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.history.InteractiveHistoryReaderImpl.find(java.util.Date, java.util.Date, java.lang.String[], java.lang.String, boolean, int, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.history.HistoryQueryImpl);HistoryQueryImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.muc.MUCServiceImpl.joinChatRoom(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.ChatRoom, java.lang.String, byte[]);ChatRoomListImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.icq.ServerStoredContactListIcqImpl.moveContact(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.icq.ContactIcqImpl, net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.icq.ContactGroupIcqImpl);ContactIcqImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.MobileIndicator.resourcesUpdated(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.ContactJabberImpl);ContactJabberImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.OperationSetBasicInstantMessagingJabberImpl.createMailboxDescription(net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.jabber.extensions.mailnotification.MailboxIQ);MailboxIQ
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetBasicTelephonySipImpl.failServerTranForInsufficientSecurity(net.java.sip.communicator.service.protocol.media.MediaAwareCallPeer<?,?,?>, javax.sip.ServerTransaction);ProtocolProviderServiceSipImpl
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.OperationSetBasicTelephonySipImpl.processStrayInvite(javax.sip.ServerTransaction);Logger
net.java.sip.communicator.impl.protocol.sip.security.SipSecurityManager.createCcEntryWithNewCredentials(java.lang.String, int);AccountID
